documentation/installation.md, before:

# Installation

The [portal configuration source code](/src/gds-portal-accelerator) has been extracted using the [Power Apps Cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli#standalone-power-platform-cli) (version 1.9.4)

![](assets/portal_source_folder_structure.png)

Download the CLI (or the VS Code extension) before continuing.

Once installed, simply: 

1. authenticate to your environment:

```powershell
pac auth create `
    --name NameYourEnvironmentForFutureUse `
    --url YourTargetCrmEnvironmentUrl
    #--applicationId YouAppRegistrationId `
    #--clientSecret YourAppRegistrationSecret `
    #--tenant YourAppRegistrationAdTenantId `

pac auth list
```

2. Upload the site configuration:

```powershell
pac paportal upload `
    --path 'Path/To/The/Source/Code/gds-portal-accelerator'
```

The source in this repo works out of the box if the portal you have installed is using the Customer template. 

If you have any other template installed (e.g. Partner portal, Employee self-service) then the upload will create a new set of records instead of updating the existing records. This is absolutely fine (in some respects could be better), but means you will have to update the target portal binding in the Power Apps portal admin center

![](assets/update_portal_binding.png)

For more info on authentication and other commands in the pac cli see here: [Power Apps Cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli)

Commit message:

Fixes a couple of bugs with referenced inactive lookups. Closes #7
Also fixes a couple of changes to portal styles in the more recent paportal release; And adds a sample managed solution with sample system forms to use with sample web page data entry

documentation/installation.md, after:

# Installation

The [portal configuration source code](/src/gds-portal-accelerator) has been extracted using the [Power Apps Cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli#standalone-power-platform-cli) (version 1.12.2)

![/src/gds-portal-accelerator](assets/portal_source_folder_structure.png)

Download the CLI (or the VS Code extension) before continuing.

Once installed, simply: 

1. authenticate to your environment:

```powershell
pac auth create `
    --name NameYourEnvironmentForFutureUse `
    --url YourTargetCrmEnvironmentUrl
    #--applicationId YouAppRegistrationId `
    #--clientSecret YourAppRegistrationSecret `
    #--tenant YourAppRegistrationAdTenantId `

pac auth list
```

2. Upload the site configuration:

```powershell
pac paportal upload `
    --path 'Path/To/The/Source/Code/gds-portal-accelerator'
```

The source in this repo works out of the box if the portal you have installed is using the Customer template. 

If you have any other template installed (e.g. Partner portal, Employee self-service) then the upload will create a new set of records instead of updating the existing records. This is absolutely fine (in some respects could be better), but means you will have to update the target portal binding in the Power Apps portal admin center

![](assets/update_portal_binding.png)

As usual, you may also have to reset the server side cache for changes to take affect. If CSS or other changes still don't take affect, try viewing the portal using 'In Private Browsing' to confirm that there aren't cached versions on your local machine 

For more info on authentication and other commands in the pac cli see here: [Power Apps Cli](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/developer/data-platform/powerapps-cli)
